docs/source/iZiSwap/SDK/examples/quoter_and_swap/quoter_swap_chain_with_exact_output.rst, before:

quoter/swap with exact output
=============================

in this example, we will do quoter and swap with exact output amount in iZiSwap.

here, **quoter with exact output amount** means pre-query amount of token need to pay given exact amount of desired token.

**swap with exact output amount** means doing real swap with exact amount of desired token.

in this example, quoter and swap are called throw 2 different contracts.

The full example code of this chapter can be spotted `here <https://github.com/izumiFinance/izumi-iZiSwap-sdk/blob/main/example/quoterAndSwap/quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput.ts>`_.

1. some imports
-----------------------------------------------------------

first some base imports

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    import {BaseChain, ChainId, initialChainTable} from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/base/types'
    import {privateKey} from '../../.secret'
    import Web3 from 'web3';
    import { amount2Decimal, fetchToken, getErc20TokenContract } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/base/token/token';
    import { BigNumber } from 'bignumber.js'
    import { getQuoterContract, quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/quoter/funcs';
    import { QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/quoter/types';
    import { getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall, getSwapContract } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/swap/funcs';
    import { SwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/swap/types';


second, some imports for quoter and swap

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    import { getQuoterContract, quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput } from '../../src/quoter/funcs';
    import { QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from '../../src/quoter/types';
    import { getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall, getSwapContract } from '../../src/swap/funcs';
    import { SwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from '../../src/swap/types';

in the above code, **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** will return amount of input token needed to pay.
**getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall** will return calling for swapping with exact amount of output(or we say desired) token.

1. some initialization
-----------------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const chain:BaseChain = initialChainTable[ChainId.BSCTestnet]
    const rpc = 'https://bsc-dataseed2.defibit.io/'
    console.log('rpc: ', rpc)
    const web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(rpc))
    console.log('aaaaaaaa')
    const account =  web3.eth.accounts.privateKeyToAccount(privateKey)
    console.log('address: ', account.address)

    const testAAddress = '0xCFD8A067e1fa03474e79Be646c5f6b6A27847399'
    const testBAddress = '0xAD1F11FBB288Cd13819cCB9397E59FAAB4Cdc16F'

    // TokenInfoFormatted of token 'testA' and token 'testB'
    const testA = await fetchToken(testAAddress, chain, web3)
    const testB = await fetchToken(testBAddress, chain, web3)
    const fee = 2000 // 2000 means 0.2%

here we take example of paying token **testA** to acquire token **testB**

3. use quoter to pre-query amount of token **testB** acquired
-------------------------------------------------------------

first, we use **getQuoterContract** to get quoter contract

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const quoterAddress = '0x12a76434182c8cAF7856CE1410cD8abfC5e2639F'
    console.log('quoter address: ', quoterAddress)
    const quoterContract = getQuoterContract(quoterAddress, web3)

second, use **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** to query

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const amountB = new BigNumber(10).times(10 ** testA.decimal)

    const params = {
        // pay testA to buy testB
        tokenChain: [testA, testB],
        feeChain: [fee],
        outputAmount: amountB.toFixed(0)
    } as QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams

    const {inputAmount} = await quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput(quoterContract, params)

    const amountA = inputAmount
    const amountADecimal = amount2Decimal(new BigNumber(amountA), testA)

    console.log(' amountB to desired: ', 10)
    console.log(' amountA to pay: ', amountADecimal)

in the above code, we ready to buy **10** testB (decimal amount).we simply call function **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** to get acquired amount of token **testB**
the function **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** need 2 params:
first is **quoterContract** which is obtained through **getQuoterContract** before.
second is an object of **QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams**, which describe informations such as **swap chains** and **output amount**

the fields of **QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams** is explained in the following code.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    export interface QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams {

        // input: tokenChain.first()
        // output: tokenChain.last()
        tokenChain: TokenInfoFormatted[];

        // feeChain[i] / 1e6 is feeTier
        // 3000 means 0.3%
        // (tokenChain[i], feeChain[i], tokenChain[i+1]) means i-th iZi-swap-pool in the swap chain
        // in that pool, tokenChain[i] is the token payed to the pool, tokenChain[i+1] is the token acquired from the pool
        // ofcourse, feeChain.length + 1 === tokenChain.length
        feeChain: number[];

        // 10-decimal format number, like 100, 150000, ...
        // or hex format number start with '0x'
        // amount = outputAmount / (10 ** outputToken.decimal)
        outputAmount: string;
    }

**iZiSwap**'s quoter and swap contracts support swap chain with multi swap pools.
if you have some token0, and wants to get token3 through the path
**(token0, token1, 0.05%) => (token1, token2, 0.3%) => (token2, token3, 0.3%)**, 

you should fill the **tokenChain** and **feeChain** fields with following code


.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // here, token0..3 are TokenInfoFormatted
    params.tokenChain = [token0, token1, token2, token3]
    params.feeChain = [500, 3000, 3000]

4. use swap to do pay token **testA** to get token **testB**
-------------------------------------------------------------

first, we use **getSwapContract** to get swap contract

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const swapAddress = '0xBd3bd95529e0784aD973FD14928eEDF3678cfad8'
    const swapContract = getSwapContract(swapAddress, web3)

second, use **getSwapChainWithExactInputCall** to get calling of swap

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const swapParams = {
        ...params,
        // slippery is 1.5%
        maxInputAmount: new BigNumber(amountA).times(1.015).toFixed(0)
    } as SwapChainWithExactOutputParams
    
    const gasPrice = '5000000000'

    const tokenA = testA
    const tokenB = testB
    const tokenAContract = getErc20TokenContract(tokenA.address, web3)
    const tokenBContract = getErc20TokenContract(tokenB.address, web3)

    const tokenABalanceBeforeSwap = await tokenAContract.methods.balanceOf(account.address).call()
    const tokenBBalanceBeforeSwap = await tokenBContract.methods.balanceOf(account.address).call()

    console.log('tokenABalanceBeforeSwap: ', tokenABalanceBeforeSwap)
    console.log('tokenBBalanceBeforeSwap: ', tokenBBalanceBeforeSwap)

    const {swapCalling, options} = getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall(
        swapContract, 
        account.address, 
        chain, 
        swapParams, 
        gasPrice
    )

in the above code, we ready to buy **10** testB (decimal amount).we simply call function **getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall** to get acquired amount of token **testB**
the params needed by function **getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall** can be viewed in the following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    /**
     * @param swapContract, swap contract, can be obtained through getSwapContract(...)
     * @param account, address of user
     * @param chain, object of BaseChain, describe which chain we are using
     * @param params, some settings of this swap, including swapchain, output amount, max input amount
     * @param gasPrice, gas price of this swap transaction
     * @return swapCalling, calling of this swap transaction
     * @return options, options of this swap transaction, used in sending transaction
     */
    export const getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall = (
        swapContract: Contract, 
        account: string,
        chain: BaseChain,
        params: SwapChainWithExactOutputParams, 
        gasPrice: number | string
    ) : {swapCalling: any, options: any}

**SwapChainWithExactOutputParams** has following fields

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    export interface SwapChainWithExactOutputParams {
        
        // input: tokenChain.first()
        // output: tokenChain.last()
        tokenChain: TokenInfoFormatted[];

        // feeChain[i] / 1e6 is feeTier
        // 3000 means 0.3%
        // (tokenChain[i], feeChain[i], tokenChain[i+1]) means i-th iZi-swap-pool in the swap chain
        // in that pool, tokenChain[i] is the token payed to the pool, tokenChain[i+1] is the token acquired from the pool
        // ofcourse, feeChain.length + 1 === tokenChain.length
        feeChain: number[];

        // 10-decimal format number, like 100, 150000, ...
        // or hex format number start with '0x'
        // amount = outputAmount / (10 ** outputToken.decimal)
        outputAmount: string;
        // if actual amount of input token > maxInputAmount, the transaction will be reverted
        maxInputAmount: string;

        // who will get outputToken, default is payer
        recipient?: string;

        // latest timestamp to execute this swap transaction, default is 0xffffffff, 
        // etc max number of uint32, which is larger than latest unix-time
        deadline?: string;

        // default is false
        // when the input or output token is wbnb or weth or other wrapped chain-token
        // user wants to pay bnb/eth directly (send the transaction with value > 0) or acquire bnb/eth directly
        // if this field is undefined or false, user will send the swap calling with value > 0 or acquire bnb/eth directly
        // if this field is true, user will send the swap calling with value===0 and pay eth/bnb through weth/wbnb 
        //    like other erc-20 tokens or acquire weth/wbnb like other erc-20 tokens
        strictERC20Token?: boolean;
    }

usually, we can fill **SwapChainWithExactOutputParams** through following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const swapParams = {
        ...params,
        // slippery is 1.5%, here amountA is value returned from quoter
        maxInputAmount: new BigNumber(amountA).times(1.015).toFixed(0)
    } as SwapChainWithExactOutputParams

5. approvve
------------

before send transaction or estimate gas, you need to approve contract liquidityManager to have authority to spend yuor token,
because you need transfer some tokenA and some tokenB to pool.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // the approve interface abi of erc20 token
    const erc20ABI = [{
      "inputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "address",
          "name": "spender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "internalType": "uint256",
          "name": "amount",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "bool",
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }];
    // if tokenA is not chain token (BNB on bsc chain or ETH on eth chain...), we need transfer tokenA to pool
    // otherwise we can skip following codes
    {
        const tokenAContract = new web3.eth.Contract(erc20ABI, testAAddress);
        // you could approve a very large amount (much more greater than amount to transfer),
        // and don't worry about that because swapContract only transfer your token to pool with amount you specified and your token is safe
        // then you do not need to approve next time for this user's address
        const approveCalling = tokenAContract.methods.approve(
            swapAddress, 
            "0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
        );
        // estimate gas
        const gasLimit = await mintCalling.estimateGas({from: account})
        // then send transaction to approve
        // you could simply use followiing line if you use metamask in your frontend code
        // otherwise, you should use the function "web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction"
        // notice that, sending transaction for approve may fail if you have approved the token to swapContract before
        // if you want to enlarge approve amount, you should refer to interface of erc20 token
        await approveCalling.send({gas: gasLimit})
    }

6. estimate gas (optional)
--------------------------

of course you can skip this step if you donot want to limit gas

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const gasLimit = await swapCalling.estimateGas(options)
    console.log('gas limit: ', gasLimit)

7. send transaction!
--------------------

now, we can then send transaction to swap

for metamask or other explorer's wallet provider, you can easily write

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    await swapCalling.send({...options, gas: gasLimit})

otherwise, you could use following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // sign transaction
    // options is returned from getSwapChainWithExactInputCall
    const signedTx = await web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction(
        {
            ...options,
            to: swapAddress,
            data: swapCalling.encodeABI(),
            gas: new BigNumber(gasLimit * 1.1).toFixed(0, 2),
        }, 
        privateKey
    )
    // send transaction
    const tx = await web3.eth.sendSignedTransaction(signedTx.rawTransaction);
    console.log('tx: ', tx);

after sending transaction, we will successfully do swapping with exact amount of desired(or we say output) token (if no revert occured)

Commit message:

update notice of pay/get (wrapped) chain token

docs/source/iZiSwap/SDK/examples/quoter_and_swap/quoter_swap_chain_with_exact_output.rst, after:

quoter/swap with exact output
=============================

in this example, we will do quoter and swap with exact output amount in iZiSwap.

here, **quoter with exact output amount** means pre-query amount of token need to pay given exact amount of desired token.

**swap with exact output amount** means doing real swap with exact amount of desired token.

in this example, quoter and swap are called throw 2 different contracts.

The full example code of this chapter can be spotted `here <https://github.com/izumiFinance/izumi-iZiSwap-sdk/blob/main/example/quoterAndSwap/quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput.ts>`_.

1. some imports
-----------------------------------------------------------

first some base imports

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    import {BaseChain, ChainId, initialChainTable} from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/base/types'
    import {privateKey} from '../../.secret'
    import Web3 from 'web3';
    import { amount2Decimal, fetchToken, getErc20TokenContract } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/base/token/token';
    import { BigNumber } from 'bignumber.js'
    import { getQuoterContract, quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/quoter/funcs';
    import { QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/quoter/types';
    import { getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall, getSwapContract } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/swap/funcs';
    import { SwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/swap/types';


second, some imports for quoter and swap

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    import { getQuoterContract, quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput } from '../../src/quoter/funcs';
    import { QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from '../../src/quoter/types';
    import { getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall, getSwapContract } from '../../src/swap/funcs';
    import { SwapChainWithExactOutputParams } from '../../src/swap/types';

in the above code, **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** will return amount of input token needed to pay.
**getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall** will return calling for swapping with exact amount of output(or we say desired) token.

1. some initialization
-----------------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const chain:BaseChain = initialChainTable[ChainId.BSCTestnet]
    const rpc = 'https://bsc-dataseed2.defibit.io/'
    console.log('rpc: ', rpc)
    const web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(rpc))
    console.log('aaaaaaaa')
    const account =  web3.eth.accounts.privateKeyToAccount(privateKey)
    console.log('address: ', account.address)

    const testAAddress = '0xCFD8A067e1fa03474e79Be646c5f6b6A27847399'
    const testBAddress = '0xAD1F11FBB288Cd13819cCB9397E59FAAB4Cdc16F'

    // TokenInfoFormatted of token 'testA' and token 'testB'
    const testA = await fetchToken(testAAddress, chain, web3)
    const testB = await fetchToken(testBAddress, chain, web3)
    const fee = 2000 // 2000 means 0.2%

here we take example of paying token **testA** to acquire token **testB**

3. use quoter to pre-query amount of token **testB** acquired
-------------------------------------------------------------

first, we use **getQuoterContract** to get quoter contract

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const quoterAddress = '0x12a76434182c8cAF7856CE1410cD8abfC5e2639F'
    console.log('quoter address: ', quoterAddress)
    const quoterContract = getQuoterContract(quoterAddress, web3)

second, use **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** to query

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const amountB = new BigNumber(10).times(10 ** testA.decimal)

    const params = {
        // pay testA to buy testB
        tokenChain: [testA, testB],
        feeChain: [fee],
        outputAmount: amountB.toFixed(0)
    } as QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams

    const {inputAmount} = await quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput(quoterContract, params)

    const amountA = inputAmount
    const amountADecimal = amount2Decimal(new BigNumber(amountA), testA)

    console.log(' amountB to desired: ', 10)
    console.log(' amountA to pay: ', amountADecimal)

in the above code, we ready to buy **10** testB (decimal amount).we simply call function **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** to get acquired amount of token **testB**
the function **quoterSwapChainWithExactOutput** need 2 params:
first is **quoterContract** which is obtained through **getQuoterContract** before.
second is an object of **QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams**, which describe informations such as **swap chains** and **output amount**

the fields of **QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams** is explained in the following code.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    export interface QuoterSwapChainWithExactOutputParams {

        // input: tokenChain.first()
        // output: tokenChain.last()
        tokenChain: TokenInfoFormatted[];

        // feeChain[i] / 1e6 is feeTier
        // 3000 means 0.3%
        // (tokenChain[i], feeChain[i], tokenChain[i+1]) means i-th iZi-swap-pool in the swap chain
        // in that pool, tokenChain[i] is the token payed to the pool, tokenChain[i+1] is the token acquired from the pool
        // ofcourse, feeChain.length + 1 === tokenChain.length
        feeChain: number[];

        // 10-decimal format number, like 100, 150000, ...
        // or hex format number start with '0x'
        // amount = outputAmount / (10 ** outputToken.decimal)
        outputAmount: string;
    }

**iZiSwap**'s quoter and swap contracts support swap chain with multi swap pools.
if you have some token0, and wants to get token3 through the path
**(token0, token1, 0.05%) => (token1, token2, 0.3%) => (token2, token3, 0.3%)**, 

you should fill the **tokenChain** and **feeChain** fields with following code


.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // here, token0..3 are TokenInfoFormatted
    params.tokenChain = [token0, token1, token2, token3]
    params.feeChain = [500, 3000, 3000]

4. use swap to do pay token **testA** to get token **testB**
-------------------------------------------------------------

first, we use **getSwapContract** to get swap contract

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const swapAddress = '0xBd3bd95529e0784aD973FD14928eEDF3678cfad8'
    const swapContract = getSwapContract(swapAddress, web3)

second, use **getSwapChainWithExactInputCall** to get calling of swap

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const swapParams = {
        ...params,
        // slippery is 1.5%
        maxInputAmount: new BigNumber(amountA).times(1.015).toFixed(0)
    } as SwapChainWithExactOutputParams
    
    const gasPrice = '5000000000'

    const tokenA = testA
    const tokenB = testB
    const tokenAContract = getErc20TokenContract(tokenA.address, web3)
    const tokenBContract = getErc20TokenContract(tokenB.address, web3)

    const tokenABalanceBeforeSwap = await tokenAContract.methods.balanceOf(account.address).call()
    const tokenBBalanceBeforeSwap = await tokenBContract.methods.balanceOf(account.address).call()

    console.log('tokenABalanceBeforeSwap: ', tokenABalanceBeforeSwap)
    console.log('tokenBBalanceBeforeSwap: ', tokenBBalanceBeforeSwap)

    const {swapCalling, options} = getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall(
        swapContract, 
        account.address, 
        chain, 
        swapParams, 
        gasPrice
    )

in the above code, we ready to buy **10** testB (decimal amount).we simply call function **getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall** to get acquired amount of token **testB**
the params needed by function **getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall** can be viewed in the following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    /**
     * @param swapContract, swap contract, can be obtained through getSwapContract(...)
     * @param account, address of user
     * @param chain, object of BaseChain, describe which chain we are using
     * @param params, some settings of this swap, including swapchain, output amount, max input amount
     * @param gasPrice, gas price of this swap transaction
     * @return swapCalling, calling of this swap transaction
     * @return options, options of this swap transaction, used in sending transaction
     */
    export const getSwapChainWithExactOutputCall = (
        swapContract: Contract, 
        account: string,
        chain: BaseChain,
        params: SwapChainWithExactOutputParams, 
        gasPrice: number | string
    ) : {swapCalling: any, options: any}

**SwapChainWithExactOutputParams** has following fields

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    export interface SwapChainWithExactOutputParams {
        
        // input: tokenChain.first()
        // output: tokenChain.last()
        tokenChain: TokenInfoFormatted[];

        // feeChain[i] / 1e6 is feeTier
        // 3000 means 0.3%
        // (tokenChain[i], feeChain[i], tokenChain[i+1]) means i-th iZi-swap-pool in the swap chain
        // in that pool, tokenChain[i] is the token payed to the pool, tokenChain[i+1] is the token acquired from the pool
        // ofcourse, feeChain.length + 1 === tokenChain.length
        feeChain: number[];

        // 10-decimal format number, like 100, 150000, ...
        // or hex format number start with '0x'
        // amount = outputAmount / (10 ** outputToken.decimal)
        outputAmount: string;
        // if actual amount of input token > maxInputAmount, the transaction will be reverted
        maxInputAmount: string;

        // who will get outputToken, default is payer
        recipient?: string;

        // latest timestamp to execute this swap transaction, default is 0xffffffff, 
        // etc max number of uint32, which is larger than latest unix-time
        deadline?: string;

        // default is false
        // when the input or output token is wbnb or weth or other wrapped chain-token
        // user wants to pay bnb/eth directly (send the transaction with value > 0) or acquire bnb/eth directly
        // if this field is undefined or false, user will send the swap calling with value > 0 or acquire bnb/eth directly
        // if this field is true, user will send the swap calling with value===0 and pay eth/bnb through weth/wbnb 
        //    like other erc-20 tokens or acquire weth/wbnb like other erc-20 tokens
        strictERC20Token?: boolean;
    }

usually, we can fill **SwapChainWithExactOutputParams** through following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const swapParams = {
        ...params,
        // slippery is 1.5%, here amountA is value returned from quoter
        maxInputAmount: new BigNumber(amountA).times(1.015).toFixed(0)
    } as SwapChainWithExactOutputParams


we should notice that, if tokenX or tokenY is chain token (like `ETH` on ethereum or `BNB` on bsc),
we should specify one or some fields in `swapParams` to indicate sdk paying/acquiring in form of `Chain Token`
or paying/acquiring in form of `Wrapped Chain Token` (like `WETH` on ethereum or `WBNB` on bsc).

In the sdk version 1.1.* or before, one should specify a field named `strictERC20Token` to indicate that.
`true` for paying/acquiring token in form of `Wrapped Chain Token`, `false` for paying/acquiring in form of `Chain Token`.
In the sdk version 1.2.* or later, you have two ways to indicate sdk. 

The first way is as before, specifing `strictERC20Token` field.
The second way is specifing `strictERC20Token` as undefined and specifying the corresponding token in this param as 
`WETH` or `ETH`.


5. approve (skip if you pay chain token directly)
---------------------------------------------------

before send transaction or estimate gas, you need to approve contract liquidityManager to have authority to spend yuor token,
because you need transfer some tokenA and some tokenB to pool.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // the approve interface abi of erc20 token
    const erc20ABI = [{
      "inputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "address",
          "name": "spender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "internalType": "uint256",
          "name": "amount",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "bool",
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }];
    // if tokenA is not chain token (BNB on bsc chain or ETH on eth chain...), we need transfer tokenA to pool
    // otherwise we can skip following codes
    {
        const tokenAContract = new web3.eth.Contract(erc20ABI, testAAddress);
        // you could approve a very large amount (much more greater than amount to transfer),
        // and don't worry about that because swapContract only transfer your token to pool with amount you specified and your token is safe
        // then you do not need to approve next time for this user's address
        const approveCalling = tokenAContract.methods.approve(
            swapAddress, 
            "0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
        );
        // estimate gas
        const gasLimit = await mintCalling.estimateGas({from: account})
        // then send transaction to approve
        // you could simply use followiing line if you use metamask in your frontend code
        // otherwise, you should use the function "web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction"
        // notice that, sending transaction for approve may fail if you have approved the token to swapContract before
        // if you want to enlarge approve amount, you should refer to interface of erc20 token
        await approveCalling.send({gas: gasLimit})
    }

6. estimate gas (optional)
--------------------------

of course you can skip this step if you donot want to limit gas

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const gasLimit = await swapCalling.estimateGas(options)
    console.log('gas limit: ', gasLimit)

7. send transaction!
--------------------

now, we can then send transaction to swap

for metamask or other explorer's wallet provider, you can easily write

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    await swapCalling.send({...options, gas: gasLimit})

otherwise, you could use following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // sign transaction
    // options is returned from getSwapChainWithExactInputCall
    const signedTx = await web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction(
        {
            ...options,
            to: swapAddress,
            data: swapCalling.encodeABI(),
            gas: new BigNumber(gasLimit * 1.1).toFixed(0, 2),
        }, 
        privateKey
    )
    // send transaction
    const tx = await web3.eth.sendSignedTransaction(signedTx.rawTransaction);
    console.log('tx: ', tx);

after sending transaction, we will successfully do swapping with exact amount of desired(or we say output) token (if no revert occured)
