docs/source/iZiSwap/SDK/box/examples/mint.rst, before:

.. _box_mint:

mint
================================

here, we provide a simple example for creating a new liquidity through box's mint(...) interface


1. some imports
---------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    import {BaseChain, ChainId, initialChainTable, PriceRoundingType, TokenInfoFormatted} from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/base/types'
    import {privateKey} from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/.secret'
    import Web3 from 'web3';
    import { getPointDelta, getPoolContract, getPoolState } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/pool/funcs';
    import { amount2Decimal, fetchToken } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/base/token/token';
    import { pointDeltaRoundingDown, pointDeltaRoundingUp, priceDecimal2Point } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/base/price';
    import { BigNumber } from 'bignumber.js'
    import { calciZiLiquidityAmountDesired, getLiquidityManagerContract, getPoolAddress } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/liquidityManager';
    import { getBoxContract, getMintCall } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/box'

the detail of these imports can be viewed in following content


2. specify which chain, rpc url, web3, and account
--------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const chain:BaseChain = initialChainTable[ChainId.BSCTestnet]
    const rpc = 'https://data-seed-prebsc-2-s3.binance.org:8545/'
    const web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(rpc))
    const account =  web3.eth.accounts.privateKeyToAccount(privateKey)

we use bsc test net in this example.

**BaseChain** is a data structure to describe a chain, in this example we use **bsc** chain.

**ChainId** is an enum to describe **chain id**, value of the enum is equal to value of **chain id**

**initialChainTable** is a mapping from some most used **ChainId** to **BaseChain**, of course you can fill fields of BaseChain by yourself

**privateKey** is a string, which is your private key, and should be configured by your self

**web3** package is a public package to interact with block chain

**rpc** is the rpc url on the chain you specified

.. _BoxContract_forMint:

3. get web3.eth.Contract object of box
---------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const boxAddress = '0x904C130a8bf933f5c11Ea58CAA306f2296db22af'
    const boxContract = getBoxContract(boxAddress, web3)

here, **getBoxContract** is an api provided by our sdk, which returns a **web3.eth.Contract** object of **Box**

4. specify token pair
---------------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const feeB = {
        chainId: chain.id,
        name: '',
        symbol: 'FeeB',
        icon: '',
        address: '0x0C2CE63c797190dAE219A92AeBE4719Dc83AADdf',
        wrapTokenAddress: '0x5a2FEa91d21a8D53180020F8272594bf0D6F36DC',
        decimal: 18,
    } as TokenInfoFormatted
    
    const wBNB = {
        chainId: chain.id,
        name: '',
        symbol: 'BNB',
        icon: '',
        address: '0xa9754f0D9055d14EB0D2d196E4C51d8B2Ee6f4d3',
        wrapTokenAddress: undefined,
        decimal: 18,
    } as TokenInfoFormatted

    const fee = 2000 // 2000 means 0.2%

in the above code, the token pair is **feeB/wBNB**, fee is 0.2%.
here, **feeB** is a token which has transfer fee (about 5% during each transfer).
we can see in the feeB, we fill a field named **wrapTokenAddress** which is address of its **Wrap Token**
for token wBNB, its **wrapTokenAddress** field is undefined.

our sdk will check **TokenInfoFormatted.wrapTokenAddress**, if it is undefined, we will regard it as token with no transfer fee.
if it is not undefined, we will assume that this token has transfer fee, and we will take use of the its wrap token address.

so, for token with transfer fee, we should fill **TokenInfoFormatted.wrapTokenAddress** with corresponding **Wrap Token** address.
for token with no transfer fee, we should set **wrapTokenAddress** with undefined.

.. _box_mint_params:

5. determine mint params (boundray point and amount of each token)
------------------------------------------------------------------

first, to compute amount of mint token, we need current point (price) of swap pool.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const liquidityManagerAddress = '0x6bEae78975e561fDF27AaC6f09F714E69191DcfD'
    const liquidityManagerContract = getLiquidityManagerContract(liquidityManagerAddress, web3)

    const poolAddress = await getPoolAddress(liquidityManagerContract, feeB, wBNB, fee)
    const pool = getPoolContract(poolAddress, web3)

    const state = await getPoolState(pool)

**state.currentPoint** is current point we want.

secondly, we need to compute **leftPoint** and **rightPoint** of the liquidity

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const point1 = priceDecimal2Point(feeB, wBNB, 1.6, PriceRoundingType.PRICE_ROUNDING_NEAREST)
    const point2 = priceDecimal2Point(feeB, wBNB, 2.4, PriceRoundingType.PRICE_ROUNDING_NEAREST)

    const pointDelta = await getPointDelta(pool)

    const leftPoint = pointDeltaRoundingDown(Math.min(point1, point2), pointDelta)
    const rightPoint = pointDeltaRoundingUp(Math.max(point1, point2), pointDelta)

in the above code, 1.6 is lower decimal price of feeB (counted by wBNB), 2.4 is upper decimal price of feeB (counted by wBNB).
**leftPoint** and **rightPoint** is the final boundary point of the liquidity.
notice that, boundary point of liquidity should be times of pointDelta.

thirdly, we determine to pay 1.0 feeB, and compute amount of wBNB according to boundray point and current point.

.. code-block:: typescript

    const maxFeeB = new BigNumber(1).times(10 ** feeB.decimal)
    const maxWBNB = calciZiLiquidityAmountDesired(
        leftPoint, rightPoint, state.currentPoint,
        maxFeeB, true, feeB, wBNB
    )

    const maxWBNBDecimal = amount2Decimal(maxFeeB, feeB)

    // esitmate gas
    const mintParams = {
        tokenA: feeB,
        tokenB: wBNB,
        fee,
        leftPoint,
        rightPoint,
        maxAmountA: maxFeeB.toFixed(0),
        maxAmountB: maxWBNB.toFixed(0),
        minAmountA: maxFeeB.times(0.8).toFixed(0),
        minAmountB: maxWBNB.times(0.8).toFixed(0),
    }

the **minParams** obj is type of **MintParam** of sdk module **box** and has following fields.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    export interface MintParams {
        // who will recevive mined nft, undefined for msg.sender
        recipient?: string
        // tokenA info
        tokenA: TokenInfoFormatted
        // tokenB info
        // address of tokenA is not necessary smaller than tokenB
        tokenB: TokenInfoFormatted
        // 2000 for 0.2%
        fee: number
        leftPoint: number
        rightPoint: number
        maxAmountA: string
        maxAmountB: string
        minAmountA: string
        minAmountB: string
        // latest unix timestamp to complete transaction, undefined for 0xffffffff (max)
        deadline?: string
    }

in the above code, notice the field **mintParams.minAmountA** and **mintParams.minAmountB**.
we fill these fields with **"MaxValue" * 0.8**, which are significantly lower than that in :ref:`another mint example <liquidity_manager_mint_calling>`.
in that mint example, user mint directly through **liquidityManager**, and cannot mint with "transfer fee" token, so we fill them with higher value **"MaxValue" * 0.985"**.
but in this case, token **FeeB** will charge transfer fee when we mint with **FeeB** through **Box**.
So we select values to fill **mintParams.minAmountA** and **mintParams.minAmountB**.

6. get mint calling
-------------------

after compute mintParams, mintCalling is easy to get via **getMintCall**

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const gasPrice = '15000000000'

    const { mintCalling, options } = getMintCall(
        boxContract,
        account.address,
        chain,
        mintParams,
        gasPrice
    )

in the above code, function **getMintCall** returns 2 object, **mintCalling** and **options**

after acquiring **mintCalling** and **options**, we can estimate gas for mint

7. approve
---------------------------
notice that you should do following steps before estimate gas or send transaction in this "swap" case.

first, if **FeeB** is input token of this trading, you should approve box to deposit your **FeeB** token to corresponding **WrapToken**, 
because box will call **deposit** interface of **WrapToken** to help you deposit your **FeeB**, the box needs your approve.
you can view **depositApprove** interface of **WrapToken** contract for more information.

second, if **FeeB** is input token of this trading, you should approve **WrapToken** to transfer your **FeeB** token, because in **deposit** interface of **WrapToken**,
the **WrapToken** contract call transfer interface of **FeeB** to transfer your **FeeB** token, and **WrapToken** needs your approve.

thirdly, if input token is **USDT** or **iZi** or other normal erc20 token instead of wbnb/weth,
you should approve **Box** to transfer your corresponding erc20 token

in this case, token **FeeB** is token with transfer fee, and we should do following 2 steps to approve.

first, calling **depositApprove** to give boxContract authority to call **depositFrom** of feeB's **wrapToken**

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const wrapTokenABI = [
        {
            "inputs": [
                {
                "internalType": "address",
                "name": "spender",
                "type": "address"
                },
                {
                "internalType": "uint256",
                "name": "amount",
                "type": "uint256"
                }
            ],
            "name": "depositApprove",
            "outputs": [],
            "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
            "type": "function"
        },
        {
            "inputs": [
                {
                "internalType": "address",
                "name": "from",
                "type": "address"
                },
                {
                "internalType": "address",
                "name": "to",
                "type": "address"
                },
                {
                "internalType": "uint256",
                "name": "amount",
                "type": "uint256"
                }
            ],
            "name": "depositFrom",
            "outputs": [
                {
                "internalType": "uint256",
                "name": "actualAmount",
                "type": "uint256"
                }
            ],
            "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
            "type": "function"
        },
    ]
    const wrapTokenContract = web3.eth.Contract(wrapTokenABI, feeB.wrapTokenAddress)
    const depositApproveCalling = wrapTokenContract.methods.depositApprove(boxAddress, '0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff')
    const depositApproveGasLimit = depositApproveCalling.estimateGas({from: account})
    await depositApproveCalling.send({gas: depositApproveGasLimit})

second, calling **approve** to give feeB's **wrapToken** authority to operate your feeB token

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const erc20ABI = [{
      "inputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "address",
          "name": "spender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "internalType": "uint256",
          "name": "amount",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "bool",
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }];
    const feeBContract = new web3.eth.Contract(erc20ABI, feeB.address);
    // you could approve a very large amount (much more greater than amount to transfer),
    // and don't worry about that because feeB's wrapTokenContract only transfer your token to it with amount you specified and your token is safe
    // then you do not need to approve next time for this user's address
    const approveCalling = feeBContract.methods.approve(
        feeB.wrapTokenAddress, 
        "0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
    );
    // estimate gas
    const approveGasLimit = await approveCalling.estimateGas({})
    // then send transaction to approve
    // you could simply use followiing line if you use metamask in your frontend code
    // otherwise, you should use the function "web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction"
    // notice that, sending transaction for approve may fail if you have approved the token to swapContract before
    // if you want to enlarge approve amount, you should refer to interface of erc20 token
    await approveCalling.send({gas: approveGasLimit})


if your input token is a normal erc20 token which has no transfer fee (like iZi or USDT),
you just need to write following code instead of 2 steps above (we suppose the input token is testA)

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const erc20ABI = [{
      "inputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "address",
          "name": "spender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "internalType": "uint256",
          "name": "amount",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "bool",
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }];
    // suppose the input token is "testA"
    const testAAddress = '0xCFD8A067e1fa03474e79Be646c5f6b6A27847399'
    const testAContract = new web3.eth.Contract(erc20ABI, testAAddress);
    // you could approve a very large amount (much more greater than amount to transfer),
    // and don't worry about that because boxContract only transfer your token to it with amount you specified and your token is safe
    // then you do not need to approve next time for this user's address
    const approveCalling = testAContract.methods.approve(
        boxAddress, 
        "0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
    );
    // estimate gas
    const approveGasLimit = await approveCalling.estimateGas({})
    // then send transaction to approve
    // you could simply use followiing line if you use metamask in your frontend code
    // otherwise, you should use the function "web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction"
    // notice that, sending transaction for approve may fail if you have approved the token to swapContract before
    // if you want to enlarge approve amount, you should refer to interface of erc20 token
    await approveCalling.send({gas: approveGasLimit})

8.  estimate gas (optional)
---------------------------
of course you can skip this step if you donot want to limit gas

notice that you should do following steps before estimate gas or send transaction in this "mint" case.

first, you should approve box to deposit your **FeeB** token to corresponding **WrapToken**, 
because box will call **deposit** interface of **WrapToken** to help you deposit your **FeeB**, the box needs your approve.
you can view **depositApprove** interface of **WrapToken** contract for more information.

second, you should approve **WrapToken** to transfer your **FeeB** token, because in **deposit** interface of **WrapToken**,
the **WrapToken** contract call transfer interface of **FeeB** to transfer your **FeeB** token, and **WrapToken** needs your approve.

thirdly, if the token pair is "FeeB-USDT" or "FeeB-iZi" or FeeB with other normal erc20 token instead of wbnb/weth,
you should approve **Box** to transfer your corresponding erc20 token,
you can view interfaces corresponding to approve or approval in erc20's interfaces for more information.

after above steps, you can estimate or send the transaction

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const gasLimit = await mintCalling.estimateGas(options)

9.  finally, send transaction!
------------------------------


notice that you should do following steps before estimate gas or send transaction in this "mint" case.

first, you should approve box to deposit your **FeeB** token to corresponding **WrapToken**, 
because box will call **deposit** interface of **WrapToken** to help you deposit your **FeeB**, the box needs your approve.
you can view **depositApprove** interface of **WrapToken** contract for more information.

second, you should approve **WrapToken** to transfer your **FeeB** token, because in **deposit** interface of **WrapToken**,
the **WrapToken** contract call transfer interface of **FeeB** to transfer your **FeeB** token, and **WrapToken** needs your approve.

thirdly, if the token pair is "FeeB-USDT" or "FeeB-iZi" or FeeB with other normal erc20 token instead of wbnb/weth,
you should approve **Box** to transfer your corresponding erc20 token,
you can view interfaces corresponding to approve or approval in erc20's interfaces for more information.

after above steps, you can estimate or send the transaction

for metamask or other explorer's wallet provider, you can easily write 

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    await mintCalling.send({...options, gas: gasLimit})

otherwise, if you are runing codes in console, you could use following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // sign transaction
    const signedTx = await web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction(
        {
            ...options,
            to: boxAddress,
            data: mintCalling.encodeABI(),
            gas: new BigNumber(gasLimit * 1.1).toFixed(0, 2),
        }, 
        privateKey
    )
    // send transaction
    const tx = await web3.eth.sendSignedTransaction(signedTx.rawTransaction);

after this step, we have successfully minted the liquidity through **Box** (if no revert occured)

Commit message:

add github souce code link of each example doc

docs/source/iZiSwap/SDK/box/examples/mint.rst, after:

.. _box_mint:

mint
================================

here, we provide a simple example for creating a new liquidity through box's mint(...) interface

The full example code of this chapter can be spotted `here <https://github.com/izumiFinance/izumi-iZiSwap-sdk/blob/main/example/box/mint.ts>`_.


1. some imports
---------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    import {BaseChain, ChainId, initialChainTable, PriceRoundingType, TokenInfoFormatted} from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/base/types'
    import {privateKey} from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/.secret'
    import Web3 from 'web3';
    import { getPointDelta, getPoolContract, getPoolState } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/pool/funcs';
    import { amount2Decimal, fetchToken } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/base/token/token';
    import { pointDeltaRoundingDown, pointDeltaRoundingUp, priceDecimal2Point } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/base/price';
    import { BigNumber } from 'bignumber.js'
    import { calciZiLiquidityAmountDesired, getLiquidityManagerContract, getPoolAddress } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/liquidityManager';
    import { getBoxContract, getMintCall } from 'iziswap-sdk/lib/src/box'

the detail of these imports can be viewed in following content


2. specify which chain, rpc url, web3, and account
--------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const chain:BaseChain = initialChainTable[ChainId.BSCTestnet]
    const rpc = 'https://data-seed-prebsc-2-s3.binance.org:8545/'
    const web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(rpc))
    const account =  web3.eth.accounts.privateKeyToAccount(privateKey)

we use bsc test net in this example.

**BaseChain** is a data structure to describe a chain, in this example we use **bsc** chain.

**ChainId** is an enum to describe **chain id**, value of the enum is equal to value of **chain id**

**initialChainTable** is a mapping from some most used **ChainId** to **BaseChain**, of course you can fill fields of BaseChain by yourself

**privateKey** is a string, which is your private key, and should be configured by your self

**web3** package is a public package to interact with block chain

**rpc** is the rpc url on the chain you specified

.. _BoxContract_forMint:

3. get web3.eth.Contract object of box
---------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const boxAddress = '0x904C130a8bf933f5c11Ea58CAA306f2296db22af'
    const boxContract = getBoxContract(boxAddress, web3)

here, **getBoxContract** is an api provided by our sdk, which returns a **web3.eth.Contract** object of **Box**

4. specify token pair
---------------------------------------------------------

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const feeB = {
        chainId: chain.id,
        name: '',
        symbol: 'FeeB',
        icon: '',
        address: '0x0C2CE63c797190dAE219A92AeBE4719Dc83AADdf',
        wrapTokenAddress: '0x5a2FEa91d21a8D53180020F8272594bf0D6F36DC',
        decimal: 18,
    } as TokenInfoFormatted
    
    const wBNB = {
        chainId: chain.id,
        name: '',
        symbol: 'BNB',
        icon: '',
        address: '0xa9754f0D9055d14EB0D2d196E4C51d8B2Ee6f4d3',
        wrapTokenAddress: undefined,
        decimal: 18,
    } as TokenInfoFormatted

    const fee = 2000 // 2000 means 0.2%

in the above code, the token pair is **feeB/wBNB**, fee is 0.2%.
here, **feeB** is a token which has transfer fee (about 5% during each transfer).
we can see in the feeB, we fill a field named **wrapTokenAddress** which is address of its **Wrap Token**
for token wBNB, its **wrapTokenAddress** field is undefined.

our sdk will check **TokenInfoFormatted.wrapTokenAddress**, if it is undefined, we will regard it as token with no transfer fee.
if it is not undefined, we will assume that this token has transfer fee, and we will take use of the its wrap token address.

so, for token with transfer fee, we should fill **TokenInfoFormatted.wrapTokenAddress** with corresponding **Wrap Token** address.
for token with no transfer fee, we should set **wrapTokenAddress** with undefined.

.. _box_mint_params:

5. determine mint params (boundray point and amount of each token)
------------------------------------------------------------------

first, to compute amount of mint token, we need current point (price) of swap pool.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const liquidityManagerAddress = '0x6bEae78975e561fDF27AaC6f09F714E69191DcfD'
    const liquidityManagerContract = getLiquidityManagerContract(liquidityManagerAddress, web3)

    const poolAddress = await getPoolAddress(liquidityManagerContract, feeB, wBNB, fee)
    const pool = getPoolContract(poolAddress, web3)

    const state = await getPoolState(pool)

**state.currentPoint** is current point we want.

secondly, we need to compute **leftPoint** and **rightPoint** of the liquidity

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const point1 = priceDecimal2Point(feeB, wBNB, 1.6, PriceRoundingType.PRICE_ROUNDING_NEAREST)
    const point2 = priceDecimal2Point(feeB, wBNB, 2.4, PriceRoundingType.PRICE_ROUNDING_NEAREST)

    const pointDelta = await getPointDelta(pool)

    const leftPoint = pointDeltaRoundingDown(Math.min(point1, point2), pointDelta)
    const rightPoint = pointDeltaRoundingUp(Math.max(point1, point2), pointDelta)

in the above code, 1.6 is lower decimal price of feeB (counted by wBNB), 2.4 is upper decimal price of feeB (counted by wBNB).
**leftPoint** and **rightPoint** is the final boundary point of the liquidity.
notice that, boundary point of liquidity should be times of pointDelta.

thirdly, we determine to pay 1.0 feeB, and compute amount of wBNB according to boundray point and current point.

.. code-block:: typescript

    const maxFeeB = new BigNumber(1).times(10 ** feeB.decimal)
    const maxWBNB = calciZiLiquidityAmountDesired(
        leftPoint, rightPoint, state.currentPoint,
        maxFeeB, true, feeB, wBNB
    )

    const maxWBNBDecimal = amount2Decimal(maxFeeB, feeB)

    // esitmate gas
    const mintParams = {
        tokenA: feeB,
        tokenB: wBNB,
        fee,
        leftPoint,
        rightPoint,
        maxAmountA: maxFeeB.toFixed(0),
        maxAmountB: maxWBNB.toFixed(0),
        minAmountA: maxFeeB.times(0.8).toFixed(0),
        minAmountB: maxWBNB.times(0.8).toFixed(0),
    }

the **minParams** obj is type of **MintParam** of sdk module **box** and has following fields.

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    export interface MintParams {
        // who will recevive mined nft, undefined for msg.sender
        recipient?: string
        // tokenA info
        tokenA: TokenInfoFormatted
        // tokenB info
        // address of tokenA is not necessary smaller than tokenB
        tokenB: TokenInfoFormatted
        // 2000 for 0.2%
        fee: number
        leftPoint: number
        rightPoint: number
        maxAmountA: string
        maxAmountB: string
        minAmountA: string
        minAmountB: string
        // latest unix timestamp to complete transaction, undefined for 0xffffffff (max)
        deadline?: string
    }

in the above code, notice the field **mintParams.minAmountA** and **mintParams.minAmountB**.
we fill these fields with **"MaxValue" * 0.8**, which are significantly lower than that in :ref:`another mint example <liquidity_manager_mint_calling>`.
in that mint example, user mint directly through **liquidityManager**, and cannot mint with "transfer fee" token, so we fill them with higher value **"MaxValue" * 0.985"**.
but in this case, token **FeeB** will charge transfer fee when we mint with **FeeB** through **Box**.
So we select values to fill **mintParams.minAmountA** and **mintParams.minAmountB**.

6. get mint calling
-------------------

after compute mintParams, mintCalling is easy to get via **getMintCall**

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const gasPrice = '15000000000'

    const { mintCalling, options } = getMintCall(
        boxContract,
        account.address,
        chain,
        mintParams,
        gasPrice
    )

in the above code, function **getMintCall** returns 2 object, **mintCalling** and **options**

after acquiring **mintCalling** and **options**, we can estimate gas for mint

7. approve
---------------------------
notice that you should do following steps before estimate gas or send transaction in this "swap" case.

first, if **FeeB** is input token of this trading, you should approve box to deposit your **FeeB** token to corresponding **WrapToken**, 
because box will call **deposit** interface of **WrapToken** to help you deposit your **FeeB**, the box needs your approve.
you can view **depositApprove** interface of **WrapToken** contract for more information.

second, if **FeeB** is input token of this trading, you should approve **WrapToken** to transfer your **FeeB** token, because in **deposit** interface of **WrapToken**,
the **WrapToken** contract call transfer interface of **FeeB** to transfer your **FeeB** token, and **WrapToken** needs your approve.

thirdly, if input token is **USDT** or **iZi** or other normal erc20 token instead of wbnb/weth,
you should approve **Box** to transfer your corresponding erc20 token

in this case, token **FeeB** is token with transfer fee, and we should do following 2 steps to approve.

first, calling **depositApprove** to give boxContract authority to call **depositFrom** of feeB's **wrapToken**

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const wrapTokenABI = [
        {
            "inputs": [
                {
                "internalType": "address",
                "name": "spender",
                "type": "address"
                },
                {
                "internalType": "uint256",
                "name": "amount",
                "type": "uint256"
                }
            ],
            "name": "depositApprove",
            "outputs": [],
            "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
            "type": "function"
        },
        {
            "inputs": [
                {
                "internalType": "address",
                "name": "from",
                "type": "address"
                },
                {
                "internalType": "address",
                "name": "to",
                "type": "address"
                },
                {
                "internalType": "uint256",
                "name": "amount",
                "type": "uint256"
                }
            ],
            "name": "depositFrom",
            "outputs": [
                {
                "internalType": "uint256",
                "name": "actualAmount",
                "type": "uint256"
                }
            ],
            "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
            "type": "function"
        },
    ]
    const wrapTokenContract = web3.eth.Contract(wrapTokenABI, feeB.wrapTokenAddress)
    const depositApproveCalling = wrapTokenContract.methods.depositApprove(boxAddress, '0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff')
    const depositApproveGasLimit = depositApproveCalling.estimateGas({from: account})
    await depositApproveCalling.send({gas: depositApproveGasLimit})

second, calling **approve** to give feeB's **wrapToken** authority to operate your feeB token

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const erc20ABI = [{
      "inputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "address",
          "name": "spender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "internalType": "uint256",
          "name": "amount",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "bool",
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }];
    const feeBContract = new web3.eth.Contract(erc20ABI, feeB.address);
    // you could approve a very large amount (much more greater than amount to transfer),
    // and don't worry about that because feeB's wrapTokenContract only transfer your token to it with amount you specified and your token is safe
    // then you do not need to approve next time for this user's address
    const approveCalling = feeBContract.methods.approve(
        feeB.wrapTokenAddress, 
        "0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
    );
    // estimate gas
    const approveGasLimit = await approveCalling.estimateGas({})
    // then send transaction to approve
    // you could simply use followiing line if you use metamask in your frontend code
    // otherwise, you should use the function "web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction"
    // notice that, sending transaction for approve may fail if you have approved the token to swapContract before
    // if you want to enlarge approve amount, you should refer to interface of erc20 token
    await approveCalling.send({gas: approveGasLimit})


if your input token is a normal erc20 token which has no transfer fee (like iZi or USDT),
you just need to write following code instead of 2 steps above (we suppose the input token is testA)

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const erc20ABI = [{
      "inputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "address",
          "name": "spender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "internalType": "uint256",
          "name": "amount",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "internalType": "bool",
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }];
    // suppose the input token is "testA"
    const testAAddress = '0xCFD8A067e1fa03474e79Be646c5f6b6A27847399'
    const testAContract = new web3.eth.Contract(erc20ABI, testAAddress);
    // you could approve a very large amount (much more greater than amount to transfer),
    // and don't worry about that because boxContract only transfer your token to it with amount you specified and your token is safe
    // then you do not need to approve next time for this user's address
    const approveCalling = testAContract.methods.approve(
        boxAddress, 
        "0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
    );
    // estimate gas
    const approveGasLimit = await approveCalling.estimateGas({})
    // then send transaction to approve
    // you could simply use followiing line if you use metamask in your frontend code
    // otherwise, you should use the function "web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction"
    // notice that, sending transaction for approve may fail if you have approved the token to swapContract before
    // if you want to enlarge approve amount, you should refer to interface of erc20 token
    await approveCalling.send({gas: approveGasLimit})

8.  estimate gas (optional)
---------------------------
of course you can skip this step if you donot want to limit gas

notice that you should do following steps before estimate gas or send transaction in this "mint" case.

first, you should approve box to deposit your **FeeB** token to corresponding **WrapToken**, 
because box will call **deposit** interface of **WrapToken** to help you deposit your **FeeB**, the box needs your approve.
you can view **depositApprove** interface of **WrapToken** contract for more information.

second, you should approve **WrapToken** to transfer your **FeeB** token, because in **deposit** interface of **WrapToken**,
the **WrapToken** contract call transfer interface of **FeeB** to transfer your **FeeB** token, and **WrapToken** needs your approve.

thirdly, if the token pair is "FeeB-USDT" or "FeeB-iZi" or FeeB with other normal erc20 token instead of wbnb/weth,
you should approve **Box** to transfer your corresponding erc20 token,
you can view interfaces corresponding to approve or approval in erc20's interfaces for more information.

after above steps, you can estimate or send the transaction

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    const gasLimit = await mintCalling.estimateGas(options)

9.  finally, send transaction!
------------------------------


notice that you should do following steps before estimate gas or send transaction in this "mint" case.

first, you should approve box to deposit your **FeeB** token to corresponding **WrapToken**, 
because box will call **deposit** interface of **WrapToken** to help you deposit your **FeeB**, the box needs your approve.
you can view **depositApprove** interface of **WrapToken** contract for more information.

second, you should approve **WrapToken** to transfer your **FeeB** token, because in **deposit** interface of **WrapToken**,
the **WrapToken** contract call transfer interface of **FeeB** to transfer your **FeeB** token, and **WrapToken** needs your approve.

thirdly, if the token pair is "FeeB-USDT" or "FeeB-iZi" or FeeB with other normal erc20 token instead of wbnb/weth,
you should approve **Box** to transfer your corresponding erc20 token,
you can view interfaces corresponding to approve or approval in erc20's interfaces for more information.

after above steps, you can estimate or send the transaction

for metamask or other explorer's wallet provider, you can easily write 

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    await mintCalling.send({...options, gas: gasLimit})

otherwise, if you are runing codes in console, you could use following code

.. code-block:: typescript
    :linenos:

    // sign transaction
    const signedTx = await web3.eth.accounts.signTransaction(
        {
            ...options,
            to: boxAddress,
            data: mintCalling.encodeABI(),
            gas: new BigNumber(gasLimit * 1.1).toFixed(0, 2),
        }, 
        privateKey
    )
    // send transaction
    const tx = await web3.eth.sendSignedTransaction(signedTx.rawTransaction);

after this step, we have successfully minted the liquidity through **Box** (if no revert occured)
